D100 Encounters Behind a Magic Door
1. A small hairy and naked man that can't stop dancing
2. A room that is only made of flesh
3. A bucket of water falls on the head of a player
4. A room with white walls that looks black because they are covered by spiders
5. A room with several painting, there is people hidden in the walls that watchs the players through holes on the paint eyes
6. A room tainted in red light. Anything said here is spoken backwards.
7. A smaller door, in front of an even smaller door, in front of an even smaller door. There is only a wall behind the smallest door.
8. An art gallery filled with lifelike statues that depict people performing various mundane tasks. Their bodies rot beneath the plaster.
9. The Void.
10. An exact copy of the previous room.
11. An infinite collection of clothes. They all fit the players perfectly. Somewhere in there there is an exact copy of their wardrobe.
12. This is where they keep prisoners. A source of food for The Creature.
13. This door leads right back outside. Whoops!
14. Toilets (1d6 - 1: it's a mimic 2-6: normal toilets)
15. Sounds of chanting voices pour from a grate in the middle of the floor. A dark ritual, perhaps.
16. Tables, shelves, and even the floor littered with jars of all sizes containing brains suspended in some sort of fluid.
17. Faceless copies of the player characters, standing still that collapse into piles of salt and ash on touch.
18. Opening the door knocks a lit candle onto the oil-slick floor.
19. Everything here is upside down, and two priests discuss the nature of their work over a cup of tea on the ceiling.
20. A dining hall filled with dozens of heretics chained to the tables before a feast. Their captors have sewn their mouths shut.
21. The door leads to a theatre stage, a small audience is applauding.
22. Literally one billion gold coins.
23. A well-stocked pantry with an endless variety of rich and delicious food. All of it is clearly labeled as poison.
24. Curtains of velvety flesh, sinew and tendons running across like a sun-dried hair in the spring breeze. Warmth, moist; this cocoon feels like home. You’ve found it, at long last. One random PC feels that this heart-chamber was made for them, and can enter a state of symbiosis with the soul of reality here, and through that, change it slightly. By spending one night commemorating (alone) here, that PC is granted the ability to change one fact about the world (but cannot save it from ending). After that, the chamber closes and disappears forever, leaving the PC in a state of sadness and severe longing.
25. A sea of sleeping vagrants. If disturbed, one or two may be willing to join you...or kill you for interrupting their sleep.
26. A cave with a forge for magic weapons. Switch over to The Lost Mine of Phandelver.
27. The color yellow.
28. A vanity desk with an assortment of beauty products. Using the makeup causes it to settle into one’s flesh and become permanent.
29. Portal to Cube-Violet.
30. An immense, compact (and… sentient?) feeling of pure, unadulterated dread.
31. A 3x3ft bare and dusty chamber. The floor is a magical illusion covering a 666 mile deep pit that descends into darkness.
32. :pelle:
33. The room is filled with water but it doesn't spill into the previous room.
34. A mirror reflecting a happier version of yourself missing one arm.
35. Your arm on the floor.
36. Your other arm on the floor.
37. A 10 feet tall mouse that is chassing several terrified cats.
38. Stairs leading.... Somewhere. Some of the steps bite.
39. A room with a lit lantern in the centre, you cast no shadow.
40. The door leads to a graveyard, as if you had just climbed your way out of a burial.
41. A long corridor with a single shiny silver piece on the floor amongst the dark, if picked up you turn to see the door you came through is gone. There is no way out.
42. A Starbucks.
43. A rotting corpse of a large winged reptile. When you get close, it begins to twitch and it’s empty eye sockets begin to glow. Zombie Drake; HP 25; morale N/A; Rotted teeth/claws d8; Rot Breath ( a group of close-together characters must DR 14 toughness or take d6 damage. If they fail this check a second time, they become sickened. The third time they fail they fall unconscious for 1d6 hours. The fourth time they fail they die)
44. A mirror that shows you on the other side of the door, but the reflection's not quite right. Every time you look away, the reflection gets a little closer to you.
45. A small lake with ducks. There is a ceiling.
46. A closet full of Acid.
47. An oddly shaped thing, with a wick, a tube at with a hole at the end of it, and several balls made of rough stone sitting next to it.
48. A gateway in the shape of one of the basilisks’ heads. It is bearded, it’s mouth distended and opened widely. Inside is a void darker than the night.
49. Rows upon rows of apes sitting at desks, throwing ink, quills, parchment and other, less pleasant material. A few appear to have accidentally written something. Brave the chaos to be rewarded with a random scroll.
50. For better or for worse, this room contains the last creature you thought about, real or imagined, in a form perfectly matching exactly how you think and possibly even feel about it.
51. A black pebble on the floor. It requires all of your strength, and maybe some of your companions as well, to carry.
52. The door opens to a room filled with opaque mist. Its actualy a cloud in the sky and anyone stepping inside incautiously will fall to their death.
53. A blackened Bardcore band of musicians armed with double headed axes and studded warclubs posing for a promotional portrait in grim and frostbitten woods. 2 in 6 chance band is enraged by the interruption. 3 in 6 chance they're too drunk to fight.
54. Your family members, alive and dead, staring at you with that look of sad, quiet disappointment. They say nothing to you but you always feel their eyes upon you; watching...judging...You must succeed on your next task or be forever cursed to feel their judgement upon your back hindering all that you do.
55. It's a magma cave, there is a humanoid cow that sells ice-cream. If someone eat the ice-cream he turns into a mat.
56. Nothing. That nothing eats you. You're nothing now.
57. A room with minced body parts littering the floor. If you enter, a grid made up of impossibly thin metal threads drops from the roof. Roll DR14 Agility or die as your body is cut into pieces.
58. A view upon your childhood home, but the colours of the buildings and nature around it are monotone as if drained away. You hear the faint sound of whirring.
59. Leads to a random party member's dreams and the wretched horrors of their psyche manifested within.
60. Blood. So much blood.
61. An otherwise empty room containing a small table on which rests a leather-bound book. It is a handwritten journal chronicling one party member's entire life, including entering this room, and the truly despicable thing they are about to do in order to exit.
62. An empty room with a single chair lit by a beam of light in the middle. Whoever sits in the chair will experience ego death as their psyche clears itself. Roll 4d6 and use the result to determine their new Presence. Successive attempts to use the chair result in decorporealization.
63. Your childhood bedroom. A call can be heard from the door across. It's time to head down for breakfast.
64. Across the room you see the same door with yourself standing in front of it, looking in. Behind your other self is an abomination creeping closer.
65. There is a sheep in the center of a black pentacle with straw on the ground. If you cut its wool it will grow back twice as much.
66. A book bound in yellowish leather with a skeletal figure on the cover. "The Fate of the Black Castle", the title reads, written by heretics with unmentionable names. It brings doom. Opening it causes a Misery.
67. A dark room filled with dozens of fish tanks. The tanks all hold exotic species you've never seen before. At the center of the room a very large cylindrical tank is broken and empty.
68. An experimentation chamber with tables covered in grotesque puppets of meat. Some still breathe, begging for death.
69. A solid dark room with grainy black walls. An obsidian bird flies from above the door and slams into the furthest wall, breaking its neck with a SMASH. The bird came in through a narrow deep hole in the ceiling, it tried to fly into the gamma green forest behind the walls, it could not see the wall.
70. A giant anus in the middle of the floor. It puckers upward and makes a sucking noise.
71. Floor is covered wall to wall  in marbles. Upon closer inspection they are actually eyeballs. Feel free to take one if you are short.
72. A howling vortex with a bright yellow sigil at the center. While the shifting sigil points the way to the only safe exit, everyone reads it differently and doors continually appear and disappear in the miasma. D15 Presence roll to find the exit. Opening the wrong door causes the vortex to collapse in upon itself, drawing everyone failing a D12 Agility roll into an atomic singularity, which then explodes into a new vortex. Affected party members are rebirthed as primordial single-celled organisms in the maelstrom.
73. A pile of dead rats.
74. A pile of undead rats.
75. Three rats bathing in what appears to be a tub of champagne. They are all clearly drunk. One looks at you and asks "Who of us is the Butcher? Who of us is the Baker? and Who of us is the Candlestick maker? If satisfied with your answer they grant you a drink from their tub (heals 1d10 or grants an omen, player's choice). If unsatisfied you are banished and cursed. Vomit uncontrollably any time you see a rat or smell champagne.
76. A flat semicircle that opens up to a huge chasm with no discernable end or bottom in sight. A booming voice carries out of the darkness, promising a chance of treasure for those who cross the chasm. There are footsteps that lead to the edge of the cliff. The colossal sculpture on the other side likes baiting people into falling down and makes a game of tricking as many party members as possible at once.
77. A gem of immeasurable wealth shining from beneath a blanket of trash. No soul could bear to purchase such a valuable gem from the party, at any cost, but thieves will covet it obsessively.
78. A musical conductor in front of several burning stakes with people on them screaming while their flesh is slowly melting away. If provoked the conductor will direct the screams at you. Roll a d6 to determine if the screams are in major key or minor key (1-3 major, 4-6 minor). Major key screams will make you feel energized, you lose d4 HP. Minor key screams leave you questioning the purpose of it all, you lose d6 HP.
79. A room full of life-sized test tubes with mellified creatures in them who follow your every move silently. If you smash one of the tubes the room will inevitably fill with honey that smells of decay and vanilla and drown you.
80. A tea party with doll-sized creatures who have animal or insect heads (rabbit, raven, praying mantis)  instead of human ones. They will attack you if you sit at the table, drink their tea or eat their cheesecake (which really looks delicious).
81. Three horses eating another horse alive. The horseman might be closer than you think
82. A robed figure, its face obscured, sits in the center of the room. A single candle casts light on the table before it, revealing a chessboard and an empty seat.
You must play a game of chess to continue. If you win, the exit appears, and the next deadly encounter will take no interest in you. If you lose, the exit appears and you must immediately roll for random encounter...
83. There’s a mirror running the length of the room down the middle. You can see yourselves, the wall ornamentation, and the entrance behind you reflected perfectly.

Breaking the mirror reveals it’s not a mirror at all. It’s just glass.
84. A 10 foot tongue hanging from a hole in the ceiling. If you feed it something, it will retract and open one of 2 doors, depending on if it liked what you gave it or not. It loves spicy and sharp things. Be careful not to touch it with your bare skin.
85. A group of skeletons playing a soft almost charming toon that makes you want to rip off your skin and join them.
86. The door opens to a 13-hour-long dream where you are trapped in a rat’s stomach. A laughing track is constantly playing in the background.
87. A man with three heads and nothing but two elliptical holes on his faces using a piano to play an eerie hymn.
88.  Hell.
89. Life-sized human-shaped wax figures, partly melted off. They look like the players and people they know. One of them is not much more than a puddle.
90. 300 goblins sitting in front of typewriters. One of them is jumping around and dancing, holding a near perfect copy of "The Player's Handbook" in his hands.
91. An ogre shouting at you to "get out of his swamp". He is accompanied by a talking donkey.
92. A metal cage with a bed inside. A familiar face, someone you know intimately, skin torn. Outside the cage, a woman, thin and pale, screaming and clawing at the cage's metal doors.
93. Behind the door is an elevator shaft with a platform large enough for a dozen people. A clockwork lever activates the elevator, descending 20 stories below the ground. It ascends once all weight has been removed and cannot be called from below.
94. As the player removes the painting, a small hole in the wall releases a noxious gas, making the player affected laugh uncontrollably and claw at his own throat until he dies of asphyxiation.
95. Stepping through the doorway leads you to the painted world, a land of peace and joyous dreams with nary a threat to be found. Who painted such an escape? Is it too good to be true?
96. Spacious cavern, lit by moonlight. Glimmering stalactites hung from the ceiling, like daggers of gleaming white light. All around, delicate grains of gold rain down to the ground. The gold will burn anyone trying to pick it up.
97. A kind old earthbound (in earthbound years, that is) just finished baking a pie in a small and shabby kitchen. The pie smells awful. They offer you some. It also tastes awful. But, if you dare to eat it, they watch you with such hopeful and expectant eyes. Test Toughness DR10 to smile despite the taste. If you also lie and say it was delicious (or genuinely believe it was), gain an Omen.
98. You discover a network of tunneling creatures, each varying in size and number of arms. They move in unnaturally quick movements, trying to lure you in so they can eat you. You have the feeling that it would be really good to eat them first.
99. A warband of twenty mouse-knights facing a cat. Well, there were twenty—there are half a dozen living mouse-knights left. If you kill the cat for them, they offer you a small stone that functions as a scroll. However, test Presence DR8 instead of DR12 to use the Power, and even those that are illiterate or cannot normally use scrolls can use the stone, but the Power can only be used three times before it has to be recharged in some strange manner.
100. Roll twice (with an exploding dice) on the table and combine the multiple entries.