D12 Hazardous Weather
1. Blood Snow: Crimson red fluffy precipitation the result of hundreds evaporated and exsanguinated corpses lain about Kergüs. The snow itself isn't harmful, but getting it on you will attract every starving vampire for miles away.
2. Hail of Daggers: just like it sounds. Heads up!
3. Flystorm: like a dust cloud but it’s flies. Deafeningly loud buzzing and pelted by the now-dead pummeled corpses of flies
4. Rust storm: Every hit with a weapon has a 1/8 chance to permanently decrease that weapon's damage by 1
5. Upwards Rain - Water begins to move upwards, strange volumes of other worldly things are filled and come to life, and all things that are wet gently become lighter and lighter until they are overcome and join the great regression into the heavens.
6. Silent Thunder A deafening, bone-vibrating thunderclap shook through the area and everything just... went silent. It didn't deafen you, you know that with the certainty that you know the world must soon end, but sounds just stopped working properly. It is easier to sneak up on enemies that can't see you, but they same could be said in reverse...
7. Fearful Fog: The fog is running away from you, you cant catch it. Why is it running? Where is it going? Or rather, where is it leading you?
8. Soporific bog fog a sickly green steam emerges from some cursed swamps on cold nights, dulling the senses and lulling the incautious to sleep while they should be on guard. The inhabitants of the swamp know this.
9. False Sun. In the sky shines a white sun that certainly can't be the real Sun, it illuminates everything as if day finally came, and gives you hope, but so much hope that you start to become careless, and stop worrying about defending yourself. All defend rolls increase their DR in 2. Staring at the False Sun for long doesn't hurt, and after long enough it's easier to notice when it blinks.
10. Crypt Chills When the entrance to the Bergen Crypt is left open, subterranean deathly cold gales will cross the continent spreading death and undeath. Toughness DR14 when the crypt chill crawls up your spine or take d8 damage, a creature that dies of this is reanimated shortly after as a zombie.
11. Leakage Along the Curves of Space Time these turn any place into a especially blasted fruitless heath.
Identified by first the pluse of any quarts, especially in a Leakage Detector, these moblie zones are covered with spectral oily shapes that merge and bubble.
Those foolish enough to walk them begin to age or deage randomly (When in the zone add 2d6 for magnitude, 4d8 when in puddles, and flip a d2 for direction.)
Beings from outside: Aliens, Angels, Demons, Yokai, and many others rubberneck and look on as they walk along the folds of reality, some merge into line and try to help, some hinder by accident, others are looking for a quick snack.
12. The Gloaming. The sky is an oppressive grey, dampening the already melancholic hearts of the adventurers. Nothing causes satisfaction or celebration, all rolls are at -1 and a natural 20 will provide success in the most dismal manner possible.
