D12 False Blessings that Turn into Curses
1. The power to burst a flame into any weapon or projectile (dealing 1d4 extra fire damage), after used enough times (on GMs discretion) it will start burning random areas of the accursed being's body. With continuous use, the curse will start activating at random, in the worst possible times, until the being is entirely consumed by the flames. The curse can be removed by sacrificing any extremity to frostbite.
2. Potion promises to reverse hair loss. Works for 3 days. On the forth day, all remaining hair lost during their lifetime is restored at once, tangled.
3. You grow wings, alas they are frail. You can fly but it is difficult (DR14 at minimum) any failed attempts at flight deal d6 damage as you crash into the environment. GM can increase the die value appropriately (IE high fall, brambles, cacti, traps, enemies, etc)
4. An inheritance of several priceless artifacts... stolen from King Fathmu's castle, for which he's put a considerable price on the recovery of both the item and the head of its possessor.
5. A place in the Shadow King's court. Your title is "Bearer of the Chalice", though you did not imagine this meant becoming the Shadow King's personal errandboy.
6. the blessing to poison everything you touch, including your own stuff
7. "What's so funny?" Blessing of continual happiness, but now nothing can wipe the insane grin from your face, even in sleep.
8. The most delicious treat you will ever have, the only one of it on the world.
9. Midas Touch. Every thing you touch became gold, at sight, the poorest quality and... it's not gold.
10. You never sleep, but your body remains healthy and alert. Your mind however...
11. You can stop time, but it ages you at a rate of one year a second.
12. You no longer feel pain or physical discomfort. This quickly leads to a gnarl of broken digits, cuts, scrapes, joints ruined from sleeping wrong, rotted teeth hosting bone infections, festering sores that really ought to have been leeched if only you’d noticed them.
