D12 Stinging Philosophical Questions Your Forlorn Philosopher is Struggling With
subtitle:
category: Lost Souls All
1. Is there inherent order in nature or is it all chaos and chance? Is our life planned out for us, or is every action like a freshly thrown die? Can we escape from all this? Should I kill myself? 
2. Why am I scared? Isn’t this truly nature and isn’t my part to be consumed by nature like I consume it? Why should I be afraid?
3. If the phenomenology of the world is so absurd, why even confront life? But killing ourselves is yet more confronting the absurd...
4. Why do the people hate me so much? I'm always right so they should like me
5. If the Basilisks had never discovered Schleger's tomb, would the prophecies have still come to pass?
6. As the great (but fortunately long dead) Schleswigian philosopher K'Aaaaaantt posited, the questions that answer "all the interest of my reason" are: What can we know? What must I do? What can I hope? This is of course completely wrong. The question proper of our times is naturally: What the fuck?
7.  If a piece of wax, freshly taken from the hive, still retaining some of the sweetness of the honey which it contains and odour of the flowers from which it stems, its colour, figure and size apparent (hard, cold, easily handled, emitting sounds when struck) can be considered a body by all the things in it requisite to recognise it as such, and if I hold this piece of wax to the fire, seeing its sweetness and odour subside, its colour fade and its form melting, will I still hold the same piece of wax in my hand?
8. If my language is the limit to my world, what would happen if someone cut off my tongue?
9. If the way of the world is balance, is there a shadow world of non-Scum on the other side?
10. Galgenbeckian philosopher H'Zarl claims that to identify the basic components of phenomena we need to engage in eidetic reduction, that is to change the characteristics of a thing to differentiate accidental from essential qualities. If I take off my arm and remain the same does that mean that my limbs only have accidental qualities?
11. If we take the entire gamut as an enigma and see the cyborg as a combination of technicity and natureculture, we therefore must be part of the constituency or assemblage of life
12. What do my dreams mean?