D20 Mediocre Ends for Uncooperative Players
subtitle:
category: Lost Souls All
1. You retire to a shack in the woods, where a faulty chimney causes you to die in your sleep, 2d20 days later.
2. A hand suddenly comes down from the sky and crushes you all. You're all dead now.
3. Traveling on a pilgrimage to the City of Galgenbeck, a venomous snake bites you in your leg. You’re suffering lasts for 2d4 days before you expire next to the road.
4. You don't wake up the next morning.
5. You live a long boring life until the End comes for us all.
6. You complete your previously-planned journey to Galgenbeck, start a small dry goods shop, and live the rest of your short miserable life in mediocrity.
7. You choke on your food, nothing (nobody?) helps.
8. You get a splinter in your toe which becomes infected. Unfortunately, you noticed it too late for a medicine box to help.
9. You stare at the sun too long. Blinded, you spend your remaining years begging for scraps.
10. The voices; they get to you. They force you to take a vow of silence and live for the rest of your life under a rock.
11. You move on to a simple life of farming in the countryside, living off the land until raiders noticed you were a bit too profitable.
12. You get an aneurysm.
13. You wake up; it was all a bad dream.
14. You have died of dysentery.
15. Whilst out chopping wood, you sink your axe into a sleeping Barkgeist. D2 days later you finally die from your disembowelment. 
16. You meet someone, settle down, get married, have kids. One night as you happily drift off to bed, they kill you in your sleep and take everything you have.
17. Whilst walking down the street, a chamber pot thrown from a window strikes you in the head and kills you
18. You slip into the endless sea while fishing too far from the shore. You were never the same after that as your mind is taken from you soon after.
19. While hunting small game for dinner, you haven't eaten in days, the hunter becomes the hunted; you are torn in half from behind by claws and teeth. 
20. Your eyes spontaneously explode, you die 2d6 exploding minutes later.