D20 Holiday Destinations in the Dying World
subtitle:
category: The Dying World
1. A cabin on the shore of a frozen lake. Rotten masts break the surface of the ice, and dark shapes move among the silhouettes of the sunken wreckages beneath your feet
2. 24 hours in Schleswig. Arrive by fast carriage and the night is yours. This place has everything: drinks and finks, lazies and crazies, free-mens and demons. And don't get me started about the bloodsports! Make your next hell-hole this hole, baby, and see how the better half live.
3. A quaint but entirely deserted mountain village, the doors of chalets swinging open, food left half-eaten on tables, charming murals spoiled by patches dissolved out of the paint and the walls behind it.
4. Schleswig Spa with its boiling tar pits, have a go in these and really feel refreshed!
5. Huh? Wait, where did I get all these beads? Am I in Grift? Was the daylight always this bright? Why is my head killing me? Who tore this bed apart? Who stuffed a live goblin in this chamber pot? And who shit in my pants?
6. Visit us for a city break in Galgenbeck’s bustling Oily Boy Inn. A lively location with local specialty dishes and games of chance available on site. We operate a goblin-free premises, and are a stone’s throw away from Nagal Krat’s famous Medickal Shoppe, for all your curative needs.
7. See beautiful, shore-side Behilbereth. Guaranteed to W̴͌̔e̴͒̀ ̵̽̈m̷̀̃u̶͌͝s̸̃͠t̶̜̉ ̴̅͗h̷̛̊ê̶͑a̷̎̉l̴̋̐ ̷̀͆t̴̂͠h̷͐͑e̴͗̊m̷̧̆ ̸̏̚f̵͒͠ơ̵͌r̸͗̔ ̸̊́t̴̋͝h̷͌̓e̷̛͑ ̴̋̌q̸̔̉ű̷̈́a̸̾̈́l̷̖̃ȉ̷̊f̶̍̀i̴̐̈e̵͌̿d̶̽͝ ̸͋́t̷͍͊e̷̹͝c̴͛̆h̴́͆n̷̈́̋ǐ̶͆c̵̛̓i̷̘̽a̶̯̋n̸̿̉s̴̃̂,̶̷͆̍̕͝W̴̽orse,
8. In Allians, they celebrate Anthelia’s birthday with as much gusto as they can. However, it always ends up being lackluster. Even the celebratory executions are droll.
9. In the Grift there is a demon touched sorcerer that will resurrect you after diving off the rocky cliffs. It's said that "no one comes back the same" the gift shop has novelty shirt and steins.
10. England. England?
11. 80 days around the endless sea.  A cruise of macabre proportions, and even meatier content! Experience roiling black waves larger than you will ever sea again. Or enjoy an unmatched first-row view of the kraken's beak. may extend somewhat beyond 80 days, or not!
12. Metal Days, a festival where a bunch of blacksmiths hammer together to form impressive weapons of phenomenal proportions. Make sure to visit the souvenir shop!
13. FistPummel XIII. A brutal hand to hand free for all, with the winner being crowned Earl of Knuckles. The spiteful ghosts of FistPummel XII distribute cursed and loaded gloves, looking to increase their number.
14. Come to the annual wine tasting on Castella! They say you can taste the blood of the old gods in the wine. Locals don't appreciate nosy strangers asking questions. Whatever you do, don't go into the vineyards. Just drink the bloody wine.
15. Schleswig Schussmeisters present: Skiing on the Snowy Peaks of Bergen Chrypt. Bring your poles, bring your swords. Icy and treacherous, exciting and eviscerating, this will surely be the alpine adventure of your life. Or death.
16. Festival of the Demise of THEY--a rustic celebration of the death of a local basilisk long ago. Entrails from livestock as streamers from its massive ribcage in the town square, parades with the basilisk's skulls (covered with painted leather & fabric), etc. What no one is ready for is the inevitable accidental spilling of innocent human blood on the carcass, which manages to reanimate the "basi-lich" who promptly wreaks havoc on everyone.
17. A pretty cool looking rock. You can jump off it and die if you want. Found on the cliffs of Múr.
18. Go with our very trustworthy guide Gron "Meatslab the Backstab" Kruv and pick some very edible mushrooms in Sarkash Forest! Take all your silver with you because everybody knows: Fortune will smile upon you when you find a silver blister cap with all your money on you!
19. Hang gliding on gliders constructed from the bones and tanned skin of giant birds. You better hope the live ones don't take offense.
20. The last bit of pure sunlight, last seen drifting lazily southward over a forlorn rock at the edge of Sarkash.
