D20 Fucked-Up Things You Can Find in a Treasure Chest Instead of Actual Treasure

1. A marionet doll. It looks uncannily like yourself. Did you just see it move without someone holding the strings?
2. 4d6 pairs of worn children’s shoes - each one has been untied and loosed and looks like they haven’t been worn in a really long time. What isn’t known is that these are the trophies of a serial killer.
3. Some lint and a button
4. A Severed Head - A yet to decay head. Its eyes follow you and mouth is constantly muttering. Reading its lips(DR12 Presence) that seem to say, "Watch out! Behind you!" (If PC turns around, nothing is there and the head disappears. If not, their neck is hacked by the specter belonging to the head - d10 damage. If that did not kill them, Toughness save or die. If they die, their head falls into the chest to replace the one they picked up. If they survived or turned around, they then find 400 silver.)
5. Cap of Tongues - A hat made of tongues. They are still wet with saliva. If worn the cap grants the wearer the ability to be understood (but not necessarily to understand) by anyone. In addition to this effect, the cap will make the wearer's hair soggy and constantly lick the wearer's ears.
6. Sack of Teeth a small canvas sack filled with human teeth. 1d6 silver found in the form of fillings if teeth are planted in the ground and watered with blood, a Tooth Golem emerges
7. The Royal Chamber Pot reeks of piss. Made of gold and adorned with jewels, worth 5d20 + 200 silver d2 chance a shop keep won't buy it due to its smell. While in possession of The Royal Chamber Pot the player also has -1 presence for all social interactions.
8. A diary with no name. The contents within are depraved enough to require a DR12 Presence check to avoid losing all memory of the day's events. If the check is failed, the book loses it effects and all of the pages contents are replaced simply with "HAHAHA" over and over. Will contain a map to some remote field half of the time if the check is not failed. What you may find might not be much better than what is described in the diary.
9. The locked chest contains scratch marks, excrement and the remains of a once beloved but misbehaving pet/child.
10. Macabre Wind Chime - the bells are made of hollowed bones, the clappers and weights are rotting fingers and toes. It does have a pleasant sound at least.
11. Fumbling Friend. A disturbingly large and surprisingly friendly isopod, likes to eat mold and rancid leavings. Will grow emotionally attached to whomever discovered it, and will bring them trinkets it discovers in the filth.
12. A Mimic but it's actually just really lonely and desperately wants someone to talk to. (Later it will mimic a party member and try to convince the other players to kill the real one)
13. Shit - it looks like someone took out the valuables and proceeded to fill it to the brim with fecal mater. Test Toughness DR 14 or take 1 damage as you proceed to vomit from the smell.
14. An assortment of fresh wet organs. What did you expect when you opened up a chest?
15. Needles. Just needles. And a faint mewling coming from the center.
16. A locked chest. In it, a smaller chest. Within, a box. Containing a smaller box and so on. At the center of all these layers, a key to the first (largest) chest.
17. A jar full of teeth and fingernails, all suspended in a sickeningly sweet gelatinous syrup.
18. The chest is empty but the interior is covered in skin, touching it reveals it is warm to the touch and has a faint pulse
19. An old naked man - he is angry you disturbed his sleep and slams the chest shut.
20. An old book a worm-eaten, faded, and musty smelling old tome. what contents you can read seem to be a personal journal, but you can faintly see text beneath the writing. if taken to a scholar, it is revealed to be a manuscript of the prophecies of nechrubel