D20 Holy Shit That's One Huge Crazy-Looking Troll!
subtitle:
category: Creatures & Miscreants

1. It looks as if it had both arms cut off and grew back 2 in each place. Along with it's normal attack it will use it's other arms to d6: 1 flail aimlessly at the players Agility DR 10 or 2d6 damage, 2-4 it grabs something nearby (including other players) and throws them Agility DR 12 or take d8 damage if a person is thrown d10 damage for both, 5-6 grabs something big and uses it as a weapon Agility DR 12 or take d12 damage and be flung through the air and yes the fall can kill you.

2. Pregeneration. The aberrant specimen seems to know where the next blow will land before its attacker has decided themselves. It toughens its skin at the point of contact in anticipation giving it even thicker hide for - d4 damage.

3. Death Throes. If this cowardly troll fails its morale check it will attempt to drown its foes with its insides by ripping open its chest cavity. This does not kill the troll but it will play dead after making this maneuver. After a few hours the troll will regenerate and return to normal function.
4. Unholy Ascension. You turn back around and see that the troll has disappeared. The grey sky darkens as the troll’s levitating body blots out the unseen sun. the light soon returns as its colossal body plummets towards its attacker back down to the ground

5. It's not that the troll's wounds heal... it's that they just keep gushing blood, endlessly. The area surrounding the troll becomes an increasingly large sea of troll ichor. Roll to slip and get disgustingly bloody.

6. Every time you damage the troll, it grows 1 foot (30.48cm) taller.
7. Pincushion The troll is a walking armory with all the weapons and ammo sticking out of healed over wounds, getting close enough to hit without impaling yourself on one of the many sword blades sticking out of it will prove difficult. (d6 damage against all melee attackers)

8. Bloated Taratroll. The troll had his jaw broken in battle and survived, after that he learned to unhinge it at will, now he eats everything and doesn't dispose anything after eaten, making him bloat and fill, his healing not alowing it to burst, easy to hit but hard to kill. If grabbed by him, one must make a strength or agility test (victim's choice) or be devoured. (I'd rule 1d4 acidic damage per turn until liberated or dead, but immediate death after the crushing bloat inside the troll works too)

9. The troll's healing powers have made it lust for death. It has tried everything to die and end its horrific fate. But those attempts come at a cost to you. While it attempts to throw itself into your blades, its horrifying putrid pustules of disease shower you. Depending upon which pustule pops, it could cause acid burns, poison, disease, or instant death.

10. Sprouting Troll's severed limbs don't grow back. Instead, a new troll grows out of them.
11. Freakshow - The troll's broken bones form new joints at the breaks, instead of healing correctly. its dr14 to hit and causes great distress as it contorts itself into improbable and sickening shapes while scuttling towards you.

12. - Safety Troll - The regeneration has granted this being a off-white to greenish-grey pustule producing plant limb that ceaselessly discharges a flame retardant towards whatever it points at within lunging distance and throughout the air randomly in speckles that dim all light.

13. Molting - This troll has translucent, waxy crust instead of skin. It is very thick but very soft, like rancid fat. Inside, its organs and muscles seem to have withered away into foul wisps, and something dark and tumescent pulses within the ribcage. The troll takes double damage from bladed weapons and half from blunt, and upon death, will burst open like a ripe fruit, discharging a malformed, mewling embryotic abomination. It wails in half coherent speech, begging for a mother's caress. Beware its cauled, pulsing eyes.

14. Mighty maw A large gash the troll's body has healed with bones forming small teeth coming out of it while another jaw was formed under it. The troll now has two mouths allowing it to make a second attack per turn with it's maw, this maw does a d10 damage and broken creatures are instead eaten and digested by it.
Living Mistake — 04/15/2021
15. TreeTroll A new arm sprout from every open wound. More arms than troll at this point, does it even has a head anymore? Every character around the troll is attacked twice in a turn. Defence is DR10, too many arms!

16. Host the troll is home to several parasites, grown to monstrous size by endless feasting. they highly value their distinguished host, and will spring out to defend him roll d6 for parasite. 1-4= d3 abscess roaches, hp2, morale 6, large pinchers d3+1. 5-6 jugular worm, hp 6, morale-, has no attacks, but vomits half digested blood that will blind and disgust for one round. Avoid on dr14 defense.

17. Twins the troll has two heads, one scholarly and introspective and the other ravenous and cruel. Roll reaction to see which head takes control of the conversation.

18. Iron Troll. A habit of devouring knights, armor and all, has lead to jagged metallic plates jutting from raw openings in the trolls flesh. A helm of crude iron has formed around the troll's wounded skull. The plates absorb D6 damage. Metal-infused fists deal a base 2d8 damage.

19. Cloven Troll - its head previously liberated from neck. A new body is slowly regrowing from the base of the head, but is not yet strong enough to walk while supporting it. The body is also sprouting a new head, and treats the old carried one with little care - willing to use it as a weapon if needed.(edited)

20. Crit Troll - It insists on doing impressions and accents and catch-phrases while winking as if at a nonexistent observer. New adventurers seek it as a rite of passage. Otherwise just a normal troll.