D20 Sacred/Unclean Armors
1. Drowned Scaled Shirt -d2, when damage is seduced to 0 or less the creature that struck you feels as if they where drowning -DR2 to attack that creature next turn.
2. Light Armor of Revelation. Chainmail in the shape of a maiden’s underwear. Men will assure it’s more comfortable and natural to fight that way. Any woman will refuse to wear it. +d2 damage when hit. -4DR when deceiving someone.
3. Oath plate an ornate full suit of plate mail with a full helm (-d6), richly carved with likenesses of martyrs and holy men. This armor resists all attempts to remove it once donned, unless the wearer first states an oath, and then fulfills it. You cannot change your oath until your previous one has been fulfilled. -2DR while taking actions to fullfil your Oath.
4. Witchovest a leather armless jacket made with the emerald skin of a witch. Her holed face features are located over its wearer's heart. When attacked, it divides the damage between victim and attacker, who sees the horrible leather face bitting them back. The leather ends melted with the skin of its wearer
5. Halo of Kimota a glowing crown with a weird numeric formula carved on its front. Its golden color taints the head and neck of its wearer, protecting this area of any possible cutting or piercing damage but it slowly poisons them (Dead in d6 days, head slowly melting).
6. Mantel of Madness When you wear this mantel everything you say sounds like gibberish. Your Presence is -2.  At dawn roll d8 and gain that much to your Max HP for the day.
7. Ringed Tears. An ever dripping liquid chain mail. -d2 to regular damage. It explodes on a burst of holy water causing d8 damage to unholy creatures if beaten. It evaporates if not watered once a day leaving its wearer sick.
8. Gauntlet of Infinity: -d2 Tier 1, While wearing this gauntlet if you snap your finger roll Presence DR14. If you succeed a random d8 creatures including yourself and allies turn to dust. works once every d8 days.
9. Hurt me: +d6. This armor hates you. It is equipped with spikes which pierce you everytime you get hit. Why'd you put this on?
10. A Spiteful Goose: It's a pissed off goose tied to your helmet. While wearing this helm, the enraged honking of the goose strikes fear into the hearts of your foes: +2 to all morale rolls. The Goose must be fed once per day or it will starve, and the wearer cannot be stealthy due to all the honking.
11. Spectral Host: An unpolished dark gem on a leather choker. Three green phantoms fly around your body. d2 damage when you travel in holy sites. -d4 damage from undead enemies.
12. Helmet of water Breathing -d4 When you put this helmet on it locks into place and cant be removed without using 2 Power. It starts filling up with water. You have d4 rounds of breath to hold. After that you take d2 damage for every round of combat after wards.
13. Goblin Slayer Lamellar -d6 This armor is made of the skin of 100 goblins layered and hardened through a difficult process. It smells terrible but it's impressive.  When facing Goblins they immediately test for Morale with +2. If they pass, you can't demoralize them as they want to avenge their fellow fallen goblins. You are their main Target.
14. Lich's Cuirass -d4 A normal looking cuirass that is actually a Lich's Phylactery. No one can use Powers near this anti-magical wound in reality. Every round you can steal the contents of a nearby scroll and use this Power against a creature. The Lich is looking for it's Phylactery and has a strong connection to it. It will find you in d4 days. the armor does not work against the Lich.
15. Plague Sackcloth: Looks awful, covered in dry blood, green slime and black tar, smells worst and makes other sick around you. Creatures that hit you make a Toughness test DR 14 to not get infected. Those Infected take d2 damage for d6 turns. You cannot remove this Sackcloth or you infect your allies with a deadly infection. If not treated in d4 days you all die.
16. Flower of Nech. No armor. You cannot go below 0 HP. Jet-black razor-edged scale mail that when worn, burrows into the torso of its wearer, churning the flesh and bone, turning the entire upper body inside-out. Behind exposed bone and guts, within you, is the armor. It wears you now.
17. Sacred Strap. Made of rosary beads. D2 damage each day (its beads slowly move in circles lacerating the flesh) but its wearer can't be affected by powers or magic.
18. Robes of the Icon of Vladek Wearing this sacred robe heals you d2 each turn of combat once you are taken to 1HP. If you are to go below 0 It burst into flame consuming itself and you into a pile of ashes. You emerge from the ashes d4 days later and with less max HP equal to how long it took to come back.
19. Wastland Hide. -d4. A chain shirt of undead spidercrickets, looping their many legs together to created a hardy but lightweight defense. This armor does not increase DR or impede scroll usage as regular medium armor does. Additionally, you may expend a use of your Powers to cause the spidercrickets to swarm and eat a large quantity of unliving edible matter, such as corpses or crops.
20. Romance of Strangled Dogs -d8 A style of super-heavy armor made by earthbound forgmasters. Once must be stitched inside the armor to wear it without breaking their spine.  The Romance increases unarmed attack damage to d8 and the wearer can carry 10 more items than normal. Agility tests are DR+6, defence is DR+4. Scrolls cannot be cast while wearing the armor. Eating and drinking in it is also very difficult.