D20 Local Tragedies
subtitle:
category: Plots, Portents, and Lies
1. The flour was grinding out red like clay; they found a littany of corpses at the bottom of their grain silo.
2. A pack of wolves slaughtered the livestock months ago, but the children still hear frightened bleats and cries in their sleep.
3. The tavern burned down in a roaring fire, attracting wickheads who sing shrill hymns in the ashes.
4. One month ago, the kids killed their parents. Can't remember the circumstances and are trying to act 'like adults'.
5. The town walks barefoot after a minstrel bargained the souls of the people for an instrument of gold. He now lays trapped within it as punishment for his deceit. The Violin cannot be found but, every 4th day it plays and all weep.
6. Lovers Field was a clearing past the woods where the deeply in love would promise themselves to one another. No one but the brave venture there anymore after a young man lied while speaking the vows. It is said creatures took him and his partner deep within the forest never to be seen again. Till death do you part.
7. The dead came back to their houses and sat at the table, they can't be moved and are constantly distracting people with ill intended comments.
8. Elderly woman fell into the Unliving Well and could never get up. She lays there still at the bottom of the Well proclaiming "Help I hath fallen and can not riseth up."
9. The town sleeps never to be woken again. Those who come to pillage and plunder fall under the same fate.
10. Iron turns to gold randomly, wreaking homicidal havoc between the townsfolk, so it is now forbideen to carry such material in the village.
11. Four burned at the stake. Heretics on Pyre. Three dragged through the Lake. Two before their sire. One was truly a fake. Fate to be Desired.
12. It's in a rich in natural resources area, but a cloud of levitating stones covers the town, when someone losses its shit is stoned to death.
13. The entire population of the village fell dead.  They lie where they fell, bloated and decomposing.
14. A  blight has destroyed what little grew in the barren fields.  Tall, ropy, semi-intelligent plants have taken root.
15. When a mass murderer was finally being brought to justice at the gallows, mid-hanging he grew another head, decapitated his old head, and ran off into the night yet to be found. The severed head still mumbles.
16. A sculptor was deemed a heretic for making his works eerily realistic and lifelike. He was entombed inside one of his plaster casts and placed in the cemetery. They say you can still hear whimpers from inside the white figure.
17. The village lives in an eternal 24 hours loop: the day starts as any other normal day but at midday a demon is summoned and demands the death of certain habitants of the town, it sparks a killing spree ending with the death of the last townsfolk at dawn. One hour later it all starts again.
18. The burnt out husk of a town stands in mute witness to the zeal of the Inquisition. The town was razed after a wandering heretic simply passed through without stopping on his way to points beyond.
19. All habitants of the town were turned into animals by a mocking witch. They continue living in their houses, with all their doors open. Once a week 4 slaves come in search of flesh for their mistress, taking two or more heads of cattle. When killed they revert to their human form.
20. The is a ghost village over by the marsh. Everything keeps running as if nothing happened, they aren't aware they are dead and those who point it out join them in that same bliss.