D20 Poorly Enchanted Trinkets
1. A flying broomstick that hovers two feet off the ground and veers to the right.
2. A magical drinking horn that turns any liquid it is filled with to wine. The wine is always corked and on the edge of becoming vinegar.
3. A lantern that remains lit only while you're clapping your hands.
4. A set clay drinking cups, when liquid is poured into the cup the liquid vanishes.
5. A flute capable of making the most beautiful sounds the listener will ever hear. Despite the player's best efforts, the only song it can play is Wonderwall.
6. A shiny, perfectly minted golden coin (worth 200s) that weighs 500 kg.
7. Magic sword, its only effect is to scream, "I SMITE THEE!", independent of attack outcome or usage.
8. Rose coin, rose flower (head) and stem with thorns (tail). When you flip it on tail thorns sprout from it.
9. A glass eye that unnaturally blinks, when tossed to the ground, the tosser is transported to the place where the eye lands, but half buried in the ground.
10. The severed head of a horse, yes it’s still alive somehow and even talks, no, please do not talk back to it… no it isn’t incredible. Someone has already tried to put it out of its misery but it persists still.
11. Set of ten glass finger-sized rings, anything that passes through is rendered invisible.
12. A magically lubricated fork
13. Ring of Minor Confidence, feel 14% better about yourself while wearing it
14. Pity Dagger. Enchantment gone wrong. Deals 1d2 damage rather than d4.
15. Extraordinary Bow of Goblin Hate. enchanted by someone who utterly hates goblins, the arrows shot by this bow move magically evading any kind of obstacle to hit the nearest goblin, however, it originally was intended to deal extra damage to them, but instead heals them (1d4)
16. Shirt of No Protection. Whatever your armor's DR, wearing this shirt reduces it to zero,  redistributing all absorbed damage straight to your body. It does look good on you, though.
17. Foot Ointment made from other people's feet skin. Apply to make your foot appear like a different foot of your species.
18. Weak Invisibility ointment that only makes your skin invisible, revealing what lies beneath.
19. A seemingly bottomless bag, which unfortunately turns everything that is placed inside green and smelling of cabbages
20. A pair of glasses that look particularly regal *(+1 to Presence tests)* but unfortunately are very foggy and hard to see through *(-1 to Presence tests)*.