D20 Scvmmy Bar Patrons
DM and/or players can roll on the chart. If DM rolls, run them as described. If player rolls, they can be used as a replacement PC after previous one's death(run as described or not). They can be introduced in a bar, coming from a bar, living under a bar, etcetera.

1. Drunken Swineman. Belligerent and loud, speech is punctuated by snorts and squeals(the more metal a squeal, the better). If any PC even looks at him, he waddles over drunkenly, beer slobber dripping from his mouth, and sloshing beer along the way. Stinks of the alcohol and mud he's wearing all over his overalls. Carries a mining pick, hammer, and other tools on his belt. Claims to be a master craftsman that can build sturdy houses out of straw, sticks, and bricks. (Fanged Deserter, or Brazen Blacksmith from Līber Lūdōrum if PC.)

2. Peeping Tom An old guy with a glass eye. Loves to take it out and pop it in a patron's drink.

3. Damaged Dungeoneer. A former adventurer with a swollen, ruddy face from excess drink and a shaken temperament.  He saw something in the hills. Eager to regale the party with omens of their doom. (Fanged Deserter or Classless if PC)

4. Bonesy Literally just a skeleton. Probably died from alcohol poisoning, but they never bothered to clean this bar afterwards.

5. Phony Bartender. Acts as if he was the real bartender, does his best to fulfill your order, and when about to be discovered he disappears with the pay of everyone he fooled.

6. Monkey Jim sits all alone. As long as you're not counting the gaggle of screaming monkeys as company. The owner has tried to kick him out, but can't get past the throng of simian limbs. Can often be heard sighing as yet another bowl or tankard is flung by an excitable 'companion'.

7. Miserable Fool. a wretched jester, bereft of monarchs to mock, devoid of purpose. The tassels on his hat jingle pathetically as he downs another ale. (Wretched Royalty or Sacrilegious Songbird for PC)
8. Naive Tourist. Carries far too much money and is far too jovial with it. Any attempts at grim darkness goes right over his head. Tips exorbitantly, other bar patrons crowd around him offering him services for cash. Only speaks a few words, otherwise only speaks in a dead language.

9. Silent Observer. Some squamous moist thing pulled from the muck in ages past. Gravitated towards this tavern, picked a seat, and waited. Has since been a permanent fixture for the past two hundred years. An hour ago it got up for a drink. (Pale One for PC)

10. Three Old Men sit perpetually in the pub, drinking away their woes and discussing the old days. One of them has obviously fabricated tales- he believes his chums to have been replaced by skinstealers, and wants to see how much of the absurd they'll accept as fact.

11. Artisan Arty A carpenter (in)famous for making houses that are more deathtraps than they are homes. Some still question if this is intentional, or accidental. Or if he paid someone else to build his own house. Came for a drink and built his own chair, isn't leaving from it out of fear it will break under him.

12. Squirming Trenchcoat. Only enters when raining. Tall, wearing a buttoned leather trenchcoat and wide brim hat. Can be observed obsessively studying the woodwork of and in the building, caressing and smelling even. (If DM - DR14 Presence to see it's actually three, human child-sized termites. They burst from the trenchcoat! Termites x3 HP 4 Morale8 Chitin-d4 Greedy Pincersd4+1 Special DR12 Agility test to avoid anything wooden being broken or stolen. If PC - three small Fanged Deserters, with all stats, equipment and powers divided between each as best as possible. Armor gained applies to each. Can be targeted separately. When one dies, stats and powers roll into remaining Termite/s. Gear is recoverable.)
13. Totally NOT a Skeleton. Pale, thin, boney, and draped in a shroud they seem in good spirits despite the atmosphere at the bar, funnily enough they are content with only buying drinks and food for other patrons and not themselves (PC get free drinks and food on him, +d4 health on top of your resting). If the players pass a Presence DR check of 16, they realize the patron is a skeleton, if confronted about it with any form of hostility the skeleton immediately uses a Death Scroll. If the players are cordial about their abnormal state the Skeleton will give the players rings from a pouch. If the ring is put on a corpse their skeleton rips itself out of the corpse violently and will be reanimated with all their memories (and items) BUT now they only have 1 hp and all abilities are 0 (if this is an improvement enjoy your new found skelly body) (if a PC, starts with 1 doom scroll, a bag of "Raise skeleton" rings, that do the previously mentioned, and also has 1 hp and 0 as all abilities. d10 on weapon chart, 5d6 x 20 silver, you wear a shroud that counts as light armor)

14. Gorthax the Thick. Skulks in the corner, emitting a noticeable odor. Old meat? Soured milk? Hard to tell. Every so often he picks up his axe, lovingly strokes it, and mutters something under his breath.

15. Distant Royalty one of the descendants of SHE, or so he claims. Certainly explains the fangs and scaley skin. This lizardman is bragging at the bar, trying to get a free drink. It isn't working out so hot. (classless w/ iron stomach feat)

16. Annoying Braggart Can't stop boasting about that time he slayed that monster with just a toothpick, or that other time when he raided the Lair of the Whispering Wyvern all on his own. Nobody believes him, of course, and sometimes he accidentally mixes stories and even tells you about a legendary feat he accomplished that is actually yours. Won't leave you alone until you buy him a drink.
17. The Town Drunk A drunk.  Saw something weird nearby while piss drunk the other day that scared them (mostly) sober. The rumor around town is the drunk is acting strange and telling a story at the local tavern. Regulars inside the tavern are actively complaining about this drunk telling them the same stupid story nonstop for the last 1d4 days. Upon inspecting their body (or corpse) test presence to find some insidious mark of the threat in question. After rolling the d4 reference the below table to determine the threats motives in town: 1) The threats target is in town (or is the town itself) and will hatch their plan soon 2-3)  The threats target is nearby and they are using the town as a base of operations 4) The threat is just passing through but heading in the same direction as the players and will reemerge later. The next time the players move to a new location reroll on this table to determine the targets motive in that location.

18. Suspicious Samuel a runty goblin, poorly disguised as a fisherman, thoughtfully munches on lentil lice in the corner. No one in the bar will acknowledge that Sam is a goblin. Sam will provide fresh fish in exchange for trinkets or interesting gossip. If accused of being a goblin, he will break down in tears and go on a nigh incomprehensible rant about the punishments for tax evasion. Will apologize for his outburst afterwards.

19. Sir Galliant A knight in shining armor in a piteous land. There is no limit to the amount of evil this man can pursue, no limit to the people he can help. Very easily persuaded to join the party. In truth, he is utterly delusional, trapped in a suit that has fused to his skin. He isn't actively harmful, but he is unpredictable. At the moment he is getting into a fight with a brutish local. (Classless with living armor feat)
20. Jim from another realm A normal looking young lad, milquetoast, and dressed in strange attire. He insists he is from another world, where he died while "riding his bike home one day from an anime cafe" whatever the fuck that means. He will follow you out of the tavern even without being invited. He is however very naive to the world and incredibly gullible and expendable. All of Jim's abilities are -1, he has 1 health, 1 omen, a large stick (d4 damage). If somehow he survives and is able to get better, instead of rolling for each ability, randomly select one to increase by 1, his health and omens also increase by 1. Alternatively instead of increasing his stats, you may give him an Unheroic Feat. (He functions the same as a PC)