D666 Wildland Encounters on the Road
subtitle:
category: Plots, Portents, and Lies
111. A saddled horse approaches without a rider. In it's saddlebags are 4d10 rations worth of preserved human meat. Once the party have taken some of the rations, the horse bows it's head and gallops into the distance.
112. An old man pushing a cart with an enormous tome on it approaches the players and asks for their names. If they agree, he notes them in his tome and they get this cold shiver running down their spine. Why did he want their names?
113. You come across two spectral children playing a game of Dead Valley Dice. They bet with omens as currency and are more than happy to tag you into the bet.
114. The Gate and the Key: You are confronted by the Fractal form of Y'cthonll, that which lies Betwixt. Party members must pass a DR16 Presence test or be driven screaming and ravening from it's terrible form. Those that pass are given a small brass key.
115. A dust devil crosses your path, the song of a brass instrument echoing from withing. If you toss some silver into it, it won't come near you. Throw some more and it might take a request.
116. An old man with a strange golden stringed instrument sits by the side of the road. He promises to let you pass if you beat him in a game. If you lose....?

121. A woman in white stands by the road holding a crying baby, asking them despairingly to hold the baby for her. If agree, the baby grows heavier and heavier by every second. Test Strength DR16 or drop it and the woman drains them of 1 Omen. If success, the woman takes it back and rewards an Omen. If denied, she turns into a Wraith and attacks.
122. You come across a decrepit mausoleum with a strange secret at its depths. A bard has been left there, trapped in an ever-spinning crystal prison. He's been thought dead for some decades and asks for his freedom. He is of much fame in these parts and promises to reward you.
123. Pitter patter skitter scatter. The voices trail and rattle. Skitter scatter pitter patter. The noises really travel. It hollows and follows the souless till they rattle. Take care to heed the furrow reeds or else become unraveled.
124. A little kid runs up to you and tells you that "you are the chosen ones!"
125. Two bodies lie in a ditch. A woodsman, mangled and with broken bones and a merchant a deep axe wound on the back of their head next to them a (cursed) bag of d10x6 silver. Taking the bag seems unwise Unlucky Merchant HP: 12 | Undead: rises again after (d3) rounds. | d10 (bone crushing strength)
126. A berserker suddenly appears out of thin air, but he does not attack. Instead he wishes to explain his theorem about the nature of the Blood Dimension as a part of a metaphysical and literal "body" encompassing reality. He asks of you this: what part of such a body do you live in?

131. A Lantern in the distance dances along the path. You see no body attached to this lantern. It notices you. OH GODS ITS COMING AT YOU!!!
132. You pass by a delegation of hooded monks who repeats over and over, "The stars are right! The stars are right!". You feel a tremble in the ground growing as you get closer to them.
133. In the middle of the night your campfire comes alive. It demands more firewood.
134. A man drops from the air in a splash of blood. On him is a Scroll of Levitation, which will cause you to float up. After d20 minutes of floating up, the spell stops in mid-air.
135. You come near by a clean and crystal river. Look closer: Your reflection seems pleased to meet you.
136. You look out look out into the night and you feel as if you've met something's gaze. You are paralyzed. The Creature is suddenly upon you. It is 12 feet tall and made of shadow. It hungers.(

141. You all suddenly feel a rumble in your guts and have to immediately take off your pants or soil your breeches. If you look at the feces, you notice tiny pink worms in it that grows as you watch them. If you don't remove your pants, you will stink horribly and the worms will crawl back up, making you defecate again in 2d6 minutes.
142. D6 Pink birds accost you and your companions yelling out your insecurities.
143. Two twigs break simultaneously. You are flanked on both sides by identical albino deer, both mirroring each others movements.
144. Dogcorpse Malone, hired by The Order of the Melting Dagger to kill a party member, approaches and demands a duel. You know nothing of this order but he still demands to fight his target at midday or midnight exactly, whichever is closest. He tells the time with the eyes of a cat in his coat. Dogcorpse Malone HP: 9 | Morale: 6 | No Armor | d6 (Cat as Weapon) Special: While in combat, treat all rolls that succeed as Crits and all rolls that fail as Fumbles. When Dogcorpse dies, his Cat will accompany the party for 2d6 days before getting bored. It is talented at harmonic meowing.
145. A (1d2): 1) Black 2) White cat crosses your path.
146. From the corner of your eye, you see a wooden hut. You'd swear it wasn't there before. Smoke comes from the chimney and an appetizing broth is cooking over the fire. Something feels off.

151. A severed head falls from the sky, yelling out to you as it falls. 1 in 6 chance it gets out anything helpful before it goes splat.
152. You suddenly hear voices. On closer inspection, you find that it was an old tree speaking, very slowly. If you take your time to speak to it, it will tell you a looooong story that lasts for d6 days. At the end of the story, you all get a single wish. The tree grants you exactly what you ask for but interprets it in the worst possible way.
153. 32 Undead stand on a battlefield playing a life size game of chess against each other.
154. Bird flies over carrying a toad almost too big for its beak. The toad screams, "Save me! I'm a prince, save me and I'll reward you!" The toads reward is a hidden pile of flies.
155. You come across a Troll so massive it has taken to hunting other trolls and massive beasts. It doesn't even notice you, thank the Basilisks. A DR14 Presence test determines it has 1,550 HP.
156. You stumble upon a stone with a tattooed face, skin and all. If you take the face off of the stone and put it over your own, you gain a random unclean scroll as long as you wear the face. The scroll is re-rolled at every dusk. All reaction rolls against you are done with -4.

161. A merchant with backwards hands offers you a dead chicken, plucked and in perfect condition, for a measly 5 silver. As soon as the merchant is out of sight, the headless chicken reanimates and begins destroying your supplies.
162. A flower pot with daffodils falls from the sky. All make a DR16 Agility Test or the lowest roll takes take 3d6 damage the the pot goes through your head. It seems it has fallen from a great height. All that went through the flower pots head was "not this again"
163. A swarm of bats plagues you, eating rations and chewing on clothing. Killing any of the bats reveals they have tiny sailor's tattoos dotted all over them.
164. A group of people matching all of your sexual preferences, approaches you with a smile on their face. They are the most beautiful people you have ever seen and they wants you to come with them. Test Presence DR14 or comply. They lead you to a hidden opening in the nearby landscape and treat you to a feast. The food is an illusion though and you are in fact eating feces, entrails, and spoiled food. Test Strength DR16 or become infected. Then you suddenly find yourself back on the road where you first met them.
165. You see a pile of dead bodies on the side of the road. Guards arrive at the scene. You are armed and probably covered in blood. This doesn't look good.
166. Your last day of travel is suddenly reset. You're back to where you where at dawn.

211. A malevolent humanoid spirit with a broken violin for a head appears from the shadows and attempts to slaughter the party, screaming foul obscenities and tasteless jokes. Spirit of the Broken Violin HP: 20 | Morale: 3 | -d4 (tough skin and wooden helm) | d4 (emaciated fists) Special: The Spirit attacks an extra time each turn for each lost quarter of its health.
212. There is a Porcelain doll in the middle of the road. If you ignore it and keep walking it will follow you.
213. You suddenly trip over nothing. Then you trip over nothing again and again. If you choose to search the scene you find some 3d12 invisible dismembered corpses.
214. You hear an obnoxious melody. It is played by a tiny music box that is unable to ever be shut off. Touching it once connects you to it, leaving it to teleport back to you if you step more than 10 feet away from it. The only way to dispose it is to bind it to someone else.
215. A wooden door stands in the middle of the road. Opening it reveals complete whiteness. Entering it transports you to another place or even another world.
216. Suddenly, you're at your destination. How did you even get here so fast?

221. A three-headed hooded figure blocks your path. He demands a shrubbery.
222. Someone has creased the map, you're instantly at your target destination. Anything that was between you and the destination is now in the crease, which now constitutes its own dimension.
223. Drory, a dirty hungry kid searching for her sister, Nica. They lost each other two days ago in a near swampy forest. (Truth is Drory is Nica cross dressed, she found her brother's clothes in the forest and thought it would be easier to impersonate him)
224. A naked ghost boy bleeding red smoke from his broken head. He ran from home with his sister, Nica, after their parents turned against them, carrying a weird scroll.
225. In your dreams a giant cockroach approaches, selling all sorts of wares and items at reasonable prices. His most prized item in stock is a strange weapon he calls a KAJANDERAK, a zweihand weapon sold for 150s made up of a cresent blade attached to a two metal springs with handles, one at either end. It deals (2d6+d2-d4) damage and can be used to make ranged or melee attacks using your Toughness modifier reversed (-2 becomes +2 and vice-versa) You awaken with any items you purchased at his store.
226. A kid in tatters approaches you and asks for food. If indulged, the kid start to follow you at a distance, approaching only whenever you make camp to ask for more food. If the kid is still following next time you enter combat, it will suddenly run with inhuman speed and rip one random enemy to pieces, instantly killing it, and disappear. If any of the kid's requests for food are denied, its fingers grow into long claws and it attacks with blinding speed. Starving Kid HP: 12 | Morale: 5 | -d4 (due to speed) | d6 (claws) Special: The starving kid always goes first and always attack twice.

231. Calhun, a crazy man carrying an axe (d6), he is searching a couple of runaway kids (Drory and Nica). He is the kids' father but don't want to be discovered as he is ashamed of what he has turned into.
232. A Wendigo has been tracking you for months. It waits for the when the party is at its most vulnerable to strike. Presence DR 18 to have realized this beforehand.
233. The road collapses into a chasm to Hel. Die.
234. Grisly remains of the Bone Bowyer’s crafting. Slivers of bone, pieces of flesh and twined hair. A pile. All very small. What was that noise?
235. A drunken psychic stumbles towards you and tells you of a chest of smuggler's treasure buried nearby. Little do you know this is a trap set by some equally drunk bandits.
236. You meet a friendly chap on the road. He hands you a beer and joins you on your travels, talking about his adventures. Drinking the beer will give you the absolute worst hangover of your life the next morning.

241. A flash flood suddenly sweeps away the path in front of you. It's red. It doesn't smell like blood though. It smells like... Is... is that wine??
242. A crazed woman comes running out of the woods begging you to help her. If indulged, she tells a story about her caravan being trapped in a nearby cave during a storm. One of the four caravan guards started killing the others to cook them for food. She escaped and wants you to help her save the other survivors. If agreed, you find evidence of cannibalism, but no survivors. In fact, you find remains of all four guards. The woman suddenly attacks, hell bent to kill you and eat you all. She will try to take you down one by one if possible. Ravenous Woman HP: 15 | Morale: 6 | -d4 (Why won't she die?) | d6 (bite) Special: If bitten, test Strength DR12 or lose d2 permanent HPs. She gains these HPs, healing if damaged, or added on top if not.
243. You meet a woman with a basket of swords. Her name is Zira and she's handing them out to defenseless folk in these parts. A dagger is stabbed through one of her temples and out the other, but she doesn't seem to mind. You understand nobody tries fucking with her much anymore.
244. Churra, a demented woman running from her homicidal husband, in search of her children. Truth is she is running from anyone, carrying a weird scroll. Midas' Guts: turns the feces of d4 characters into gold. It breaks from their insides killing them in the act.
245. An eagle with bat wings flies overhead, a rare bird indeed. 246. There is a Bridge. There is a Troll. There is a Toll.
246. ?????

251. A beggar asks for alms. If given at least 100s, the water in your waterskins are turned into a healing wine, healing d6 HPs next time you drink it. If ignored, the water is turned into piss, infecting you next time you drink it.
252. In the burnt remains of a hamlet, the last sign of life is the clock-headed demon Rackulzopan who bartends to mannequins in the Backwards Head Tavern. Their ale is damned good, but the atmosphere is a bit rowdy.
253. You come across abandoned basket of fresh egg salad sandwhiches. They aren't poisoned or diseased, but they're very suspicious.
254. A huge crater, thousands of meters wide. Dead animals and vegetation. In the center, the remains of a man in a pointy hat. Among his remains is an unclean scroll: Minor Apocalypse: Everyone and everything within 1d6 kilometers radius are immediately destroyed in a horrible explosion.
255. Funny Gonard, a jester pushing a wheelbarrow filled with fresh severed heads. He was promised a big fortune for killing his patrons.
256. A couple copulating by the road asks you to join them. If agreed, you gain d2 Omen from the experience. But forever after, you are haunted by visions and dreams of an abomination of a baby trying to devour you. You do not benefit from resting unless you succeed a Presence DR12. If you're infected, you lose another d4 HP daily.

261. Four hunters skinning and eviscerating a giant boar. There is a beast killing the virgins of a near village. 1 in d2 chances of it being the beast. If it is, it regenerates and attacks.
262. Three naive farmspeople and a Pale One. The peasants believe the Pale One to be an angel, a bringer of hope & salvation so they wander from town to town to spread the message. The Pale One does not speak the human tongue but enjoys the sound of prayers and is thus delighted to wander with their new friends.
263. Shimmering meteor, a piece of the sky fell here and is transforming the area in a weird living oil covered alien garden. Animals and plants are melting together in new lifeforms. If the characters stay near it for more than 30 minutes, they are affected by it too.
264. Granny Aerta, sitting in her favorite stump. She offers the characters her famous meat pie and tells them a story while they eat it. 1 in d2 chances of finding a ringed finger in one of the slices.
265. An improvised rehearsal. A group of travelling artists are testing new stuff for their show. 1 on d2 chances of it reflecting past (or future) issues involving the characters.
266. A group of unkept characters are digging a grave. There is a corpse covered in priestly tattoos. They claim self-defense.

311. A sword firmly fixed in a stump. There are blood stains around it and trails of wheelbarrows. If someone tries to take the sword, their heart is pierced when only 1 inch of the razor is extracted, being fixed again. A family found the sword and uses it as a trap, cleaning it every day.
312. An old, crooked woman has her long nose stuck in a tree stump. If helped, she grants you all d2 omens. If not, you all lose 1 omen or lose d6 HP if you have none.
313. A roadsign. It says: "You're walking in the wrong direction, fool!"
314. You come to a fork in the road with a puddle of blood in each direction that speaks to you if you speak loudly in their presence. One always tells the truth, the other always lies.
315. A burnt wagon. Their previous owners appear at night, turned into living embers. Want to feed their iron kitchen with flesh.
316. There is baby crying somewhere. The sound appears to change its location for a while, but it ends coming from the skies, louder than before.

321. You suddenly appear at your destination, but everything is on fire. The people, the buildings, the animals. Then you're suddenly back on the road again.
322. Five camisoles hanging from the threes, numbered in red paint. 4 is missing.
323. A dying goblin surrounded by 5 berserker corpses.
324. A closing violet energy portal in the soil, a character can reach it and slide one arm into it. d4 1. Extracts a black crystal sword (d8) 2. The limb is eaten from the other side 3. Extracts a fearful kid who recites a random scroll 4. The limb turns into a red hot tentacle (d8)
325. A dying giant lies in a clearing just off the road. Comfort them as they pass into the land of the dead and you receive d2 extra omens. Hasten their death and your next omen spent fails you.
326. A flagellant approaches the party, freshly whipped and bleeding. They demand a gift for Verhu (roll on table), the players are bound to the task.

331. A fabulous display of dozens of decapitated heads of heretics on pikes. One of the heads speaks. d4 - 1. Nonsense. 2. Blasphemous babble. 3. Personal insults. 4. Grants favor +1 omen.
332. A murder of crows pecks at a dead thing on the road. It clutches something in its hand.
333. You encounter a traveling circus; complete with clowns, animals, and acrobats. Pass a DR14 Presence test or abandon your current destination and run off with the circus.
334. In the middle of the road is a one meter wide by four meters tall slab of basalt. It produces a continuous tone that increases in pitch the closer you get. It’s full of stars.
335. There’s a man standing at the next crossroads you encounter, offering to help you for a fair price. His help can take any form, and while never what you expect, technically achieves what you wanted. He’ll appear to name and collect his price later.
336. A band of skeletons plays a joyous melody.

341. Local hunters, on the lookout for “The Beast.” Apparently it’s been killing livestock, and recently started abducting children.
342. A humble salesperson of mirrors crosses your path. You can ask him for any possible advice, and he will always help you. He will demand payment after a week. Refusing will leave a permanent magical mark on your face.
343. A group of infected people, dancing guided by some invisible singing force. They fall slowly, along the road, being swallowed by the earth.
344. A hangman’s tree, laden with corpses. A newborn baby wriggles in the mud beneath its boughs.
345. A bottle of spirits buried in the sand. Beneath is the corpse of a mother with burn marks clutching her child, its skull crushed. Standing near it is a group of Inquisitors with a shovel in their hand.
346. A musician drumming on the hollowed-out head of her brother. Despite the macabre situation, she's got rhythm.

351. Two priests of a blasphemous deity, carrying a staff with a flaming skull. They are peaceful, and will explain that their philosophy is hedonism, for “The Blind Gibberer” torments everyone in the afterlife, no matter what.
352. Four pieces of flesh forming a broken face in the soil. Each piece is from a different person. If moved, the pieces cry and an invisible force puts them together again, in the exact same spot.
353. A village filled with zombies. d66 worth of rations in grain and bread is laying around. If any of it is eaten, make a DR 10 toughness check. On a success, become infected. On a failure, you die, and your body rises as a zombie after 1d10 rounds.
354. A group of women carrying baskets full of bloody clothes. They killed all the men in their village last night and felt the need to clean these.
355. A note with your name on it left in a visible spot. In it, you vaguely warn the next passer-by of things to come. Roll again and have the note hint at the result.
356. An ancient deciduous tree stands alone by the road. Its falling red leaves cut like razors. Brittle leaf damage d8, ignores armor.

361. Maggots begin to rain from the sky.
362. Puddles filled with maggots from the last time it rained.
363. The path before you is black. Stepping closer reveals the mass of flies scuttering away and the road of corpses below.
364. A poorly buried crate of bottles on the side of the road. Drinking from the bottles has no effect... or does it?
365. A little girl in a red hood, carrying a basket of goodies. She stabs anyone that tries to touch her or her things.
366. A man in priestly garbs lies dead by the side of the road, beside him is a staff with a charred skull.

411. A painter called Lynch, painting the direction you came from on a canvas. You can see yourselves moving inside the painting - desperately searching for a way out. Lynch is feeling (d4) 1. curious, 2. cruel, 3. callous, 4. contemplative.
412. Two children, filthy and bruised, running out of the woods. Apparently they're being chased by a witch.
413. A kindly-looking old lady, searching for two children. She claims to be their granny.
414. A dwarf walks backwards through a door standing in the middle of a field. You think you see something red within. For 2d6 minutes, the world moves backwards.
415. An old lady with a pile of logs stands by the road with a sign advertising "WONDERFUL LOGS!" with a tagline below "It's better than bad, it's good!"
416. Marching along comes a courier, covered in all manner of gore and grime. Muttering to themselves they repeat "Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night..."

421. A bright-eyed young lad seeking his fortune. He's impossibly naïve, and willing to tag along at the first mention of the possibility.
422. A one-armed man attacks you. Killing him causes the spirit that possessed him to now possess you.
423. The wilds here are silent. Everything is silent. You can't hear your companions. You can't hear anything.
424. A gigantic 20 feet long albino alligator walks along the road, a monkey riding on its back. It is quite friendly.
425. A donkey, a dog, a cat, and a rooster. All quite old, pass you by.
426. A young child eating a human corpse. It sniffs at you as you walk past and waters its lips.

431. An ancient, twisted oak. At first glance its trunk appears to be stained red. Maybe if you took a closer look... Flesh-Eating Tree Attacks once its prey is beneath its boughs. Will consume characters once they lie broken or dead at its roots. HP: 30 Morale - Twisted Bark -d12 Crushing Limbs - d10 Damage Axes always deal maximum damage.
432. Effigies of the party, impaled on pikes, line both sides of the road.
433. A palanquin carried by 4 skeletons. A voice from inside it asks for water, if satisfied the helping character wins an omen. If reject, the four servants attack the party. Inside is a wraith.
434. An ancient, twisted tree, its trunk is stained red. If investigated, it turns out to be sap. If consumed, the sap cures infection and heals 1d4 hit points.
435. A giant monster carcass being eaten by all kinds of vermins. Truth is it is regenerating. It will be alive again in d4 hours.
436. An overgrown labyrinth, barely visible from the road. Giggling can be heard coming from it. The entrance disappears when the last party member crosses the threshold.

441. A young man playing the flute, seated on a branch. The tree is surrounded by mesmerized rodents.
442. An undeterred sole survivor of a cataclysm that ended their great land. Wants to usurp the local ruler and take their place.
443. A heavily cloaked wanderer (Lich), searching for magical objects. Any magical trinket will do. Handing one over will win a random scroll. Ignoring the wanderer's request will result in having a scroll used against you.
444. A group of magnificent white horses, one for each of you, approaches the group. They are friendly and allow you to ride them. 1d6 hours later the horses suddenly gallops off into the woods with you on their backs. Test Agility DR12 or follow the horses into a bottomless lake that suddenly appears.
445. A reeking ditch surrounded by heads on spears. In the ditch is a confused man, shackled and memoryless.
446. A group of peasants tearing up the cobbles. "It's gold, so much gold!","We're rich!" ,they scream. Test Presence DR 12 or lose yourself to their mania for d66 hours.

451. A throng of people are dancing. Some of them have collapsed on the ground and some are even dead. Test Strength DR12 or join their dancing. Each hour that passes, test Strength DR12 again or lose d4 HP and keep dancing.
452. A group of red-robed persons unexpectedly runs up to you and demands that you identify yourselves.
453. A man in moist blue robes babbles about a wizard with terrible powers, his cruel tower standing tall in the distance. It wasn't there before- it may be moving closer.
454. A cloud of buzzing, brightly colored insects surround a piece of delicious, candy-red meat. When approached, the cloud solidifies around the meat chunk as it lifts into the air, acting as the bug collective's "brain." The meat, if stolen, allows an eater to control insects for a short time.
455. A cyclopean tower of black gneiss shaped as a trapezohedron stands far off in the horizon. If you approach it you notice the skeletons from hundreds of corpses surrounding it. It's as if they whisper to you, "run for your lives...", "leave...", "save yourselves...", "death...".
456. Something laughs at the party, hidden between ink-black trees. It's shrouded in perpetual darkness, has many claws, and is always hungry; also a great fan of dark humor. May be staved off with jokes till sunrise.

461. On a dry riverbed, two armies clash into each other like waves. Bodies crushing, steel bending, the pressure increasing until both armies are liquefy into a still red river. Linger in the river for too long and get swept into a blood current.
462. An entrance to an overgrown garden stands some distance from the road. Exploring it you find a wall covered in ivy with some of it cleared away to show the drawing of a realistic door in chalk, with a keyhole, doorknob, and hinges. In the middle of this chalk door is written “Ynn, by way of [your current location]”.
463. A barrel full of human teeth. It has a hole in the bottom that leaks when the barrel is lifted. Some of the teeth taste sweet while others have a salty tinge. All of them are soft and chewy.
464. A well with a foul stink wafting from it. Filled with bubbling, spoiled milk. Inside, there is a faint mewling; something's children lie in wait.
465. A swarm of what looks like perverted pixies swarm around you. Test Agility DR12 or lose all your clothes and armor as they consume it all. Then they leave.
466. A cult. Turns out the party fits the description of several of their deceased saints and prophet.

511. A box, half buried in the mud contains a puzzle cube. Complete it on a DR16! Presence test. If successful the cube immediately begins shouting obscenities nonstop.
512. A decrepit and rotting windmill. Each of its blades is a cross with a crucified heretic.
513. A fly busses incessantly around one of the PCs heads. Shortly after its inevitable demise, it comes back as something slightly bigger and slightly angrier. Its final form is a troll.
514. Dummies made of cloth, wood and straw can occasionally be seen on a road to a fenced in cabin. The cabin's yard filled with these dummies. Test Presence DR14 to spot the ambush.
515. The road runs along a blood red pond. You see familiar faces just below the surface. Test Presence DR 12 or jump in after them.
516. Beside the road sits a huge dragon getting an earful from an old man with a pointy hat and mouse-grey robes as he shuffles through a grimoire, shouting something about a furball.

521. A demolished shrine. Limbs, torso and head of a clay golem can be found between the stones. It can be assembled again.
522. A harvest festival. It started two days ago so the people is far beyond drunk, horny and violent.
523. A red mist starts to surround the characters, it turns thicker and after a while it starts raining blood for an hour.
524. A group of disheveled vagabonds plead with the inquisition. They are being tried for heresy. The vagabonds claim that we are all parts of a greater game being played with our lives and fate itself while only they can see through the veil.
525. A bonfire of dead farm animals. 'They were tainted' the people cry. After a while the smoke turns into bloodthirsty flies.
526. An adolescent claiming to be a son of the Shadow King. Wants you to help him kill his father and claim his birthright. The only thing of value he has seems to be sword with a skull carved into the hilt.

531. A blind giant horse. It simply turns around as the characters walk away. The name of one random character is heard between neighings. The horse has disappeared, but that character will dream of mounting the horse, killing the rest of the party under its hoofs.
532. A mob of peasants outside a well-kept hut. They claim the inhabitant is the source of all their misfortune. She claims otherwise.
533. Another party, each member has the face of one of the characters previous victims. They only walk. Silently.
534. A horribly mutilated and half-eaten corpse lies just beside the road. Surrounding it are 3d6 bloody garden gnomes. The garden gnomes look perfectly normal and even break when thrown to the ground, but reassemble when no one is looking. After, people are killed wherever the players go, with similar corpses to the one they found. Whenever they rest, the garden gnomes sits in their camp or at the foot of their beds, watching them.
535. A flock of birds has been gathering around you for a while now. It grows with every passing hour. If shot at, they attack. Otherwise they disperse after a day.
536. A confused granny holding a blueberry. She tells you she and her friend were going into the blueberry, but both of them couldn't fit in at the same time. She wants to be with he friend and asks for your assistance. Granny pays back any kindness with some blueberries. She accidentally hands out the blueberry with her friend inside.

541. An old man sits by a fire, if spoken to he offers to take the players to his hut for a warm meal. His hut smells of delicious roast pork, though there are no pigs in the area. If the players overnight here, the old man slits their throats in their sleep. He is cannibal Scum.
542. You come across an orphanage, oddly well-populated for the area, where all the children are happy and playful. A large cartoonishly evil sign saying "GRAVEYARD" has been put out front and 2d4 Grotesque have taking to stalking it, sitting up on the balconies and guarding anyone who tries attacking the house or the children. One of the Grotesque even plays with the little tots, carrying them about on its shoulders.
543. There is a single, empty wooden chair on the road.
544. A dark and deep mine shaft with a glowing green light somewhere the bottom. Reaching the bottom with three DR16 Agility checks (DR8 with a rope and grapple,) a single skeleton digs forever deeper, humming a steady tune and clutching a shovel carved with pulsing emerald runes. The shovel is a zweihand weapon that deals d4+7 damage. It Crits on an 17 or higher, Fumbles on a 4 or lower, and must be used to attack the turn after it hits.
545. There is a single, rusty fork in the road.
546. There is a fork in the road, but not the cutlery kind. The way splits in 3d4 directions, but the all lead to the same place.

551. The party finds a metal cylinder with a strange yellow and black sigil. Opening the cylinder reveals that it is filled with water with small handful of dark pellets at the bottom, and bathes anyone who looks in the cylinder with a pale blue light. Any character exposed to the light will begin losing their teeth and hair within 1d6 hours and will die, vomiting blood, in 1d6 days.
552. You've been here before, you've walked these tracks. There, before you, are your backs.
553. A folk feast. The characters recover all their hp if they taste the food but fall asleep in about an hour. They wake up d6 days later.
554. A rare creature called a Zsarloth appears from a hole in the ground and will attack the party if they don't run from it's territory. These creatures are endangered because they only hatch from their eggs on the day a prophecy comes true. They have the body of a giant monkey, the head of a lion, and the tail of a scorpion with a flail at the end instead of a stinger. Zsarloth HP: 36 | Morale: 7 | No Armor | d8 (Fists, Tail Flail) Special: - Whenever an Omen is used, the Zsarloth lets out a roar like an organ crescendo and gains a -d6 field of armor until the end of the next round. -The Zsarloth strikes with its Flail every three rounds, an attack which is DR14 defence and dizzies the target for an hour on a hit. -The Zsarloth ignores the armor of any creature that doesn't believe in a prophecy. The tail flail, if taken from the Zsarloth, is a magic weapon that dizzies any creature it hits for an hour. In the hole it came from are d4 more giant Zsarloth eggs, set to hatch on the Sixth Misery.
555. Ruins of a tower. It seems normal from the outside but if you look out from inside you will see the fires of hell and tortured souls flying out of sight in all window apertures.
556. You encounter a shaggy dog that squawks like a crow. Could be a friendly companion, could be a vicious rival. Crowdog. HP: 4 | Morale: 4 | No Armor | d4 (bite) Special: Crowdog starts each battle with 2d6 Omens.

561. An angry mob marches towards the party along the path they need to take. UndeathMetal (they/them)Ieri alle 22:47
562. You come across a shrine persisting of some foul-smelling candles and a stone statue of a monkey with a venus fly trap head. Put your hand in it's mouth and the statue will animate and bite it off, digesting your sacrifice and granting you a blessing. For the rest of your life you will find d6 extra silver whenever you come across coin.
563. The ground trembles, then eventually sinks. A sinkhole the size of d4: (1) a barn (2) a church (3) a castle (4) a city, swallows the ground. Crushing those below.
564. You suddenly bounce up against an invisible barrier. The passage back is now blocked by an undead doll.
565. A group of construction workers building a church. Today they are sacrificing a 'volunteer' as the protector of the shrine.
566. d6 arrows fly at the party. You hear snickering and laughter behind some bushes. Goblins. and they have already started running from you.

611. A procession of people working backwards. Talking to them only reveals their endless reverse screams.
612. The wind--it's getting worse. Soon, in the distance, a tornado uproots trees and houses, pulls lightning from the heavens. It's heading your way.
613. A chained child-sized troll and a doll besides. The sign next to the pair reads, "You must pay the troll's doll, if you want to free this boy's soul." The doll smiles knowingly.
614. There is a Ghost ship in the middle of the road. The Captain yells at you. "Why arrr yah walkin in the middle of the sea?!
615. d4+2 bandits with red eyes try to rob the party, with particular interest in any sharp things they may own. Use the Scum stats for these bandits, except they have immunity to bladed weapons. They seem to only derive pleasure from your zweihander strikes.
616. A traveling bird seller. Her last acquisition is a big skeleton bird but it is feeding in the life force of the other animals and growing incredibly fast.

621. An unknown shape runs towards you with unnervingly fast moving limbs, its mouth screaming. It vanishes just before it crashes into you.
622. A gazebo filled with an orchestra playing a cacophonous melody. Their audience have been listening to the music since time immemorial, only their skeletons are left.
623. A deafening screech, the sound of wings. The shadow of a spiked, eel-like creature swoops by. Grass, bushes and trees wither in its wake. Test Toughness or lose your lunch.
624. A Pale One appears and delivers a prophecy. It’s words are unintelligible, but the meaning is clear. It speaks of: 1d4 1) An imminent plague 2) A new basilisk 3) A forbidden garden 4) A portal, an escape from this doomed world.
625. Weird shadows observing and talking between them about the party. (The players or someone mimicking them)
626. You see a Gazebo. It's a normal gazebo unless attacked. Then it's a Mimic.

631. A deep canyon halts your travel. A giant offers help crossing it.
632. Rocks Fall / Bolt from the blue. Test DR 4 Agility or Toughness. Failure means you die.
633. A steel sphere inlaid in a tree. It makes a weird buzz. If freed it will fly in the opposite direction, showing a curved razor. It feeds on human fluids.
634. An ogre (use the troll stat block) blocks your path. If you try to find a way around it, or come back from whence you came, you find it blocking your path there too.
635. A Challenger appears. You have locked eyes. A random player is challenged to a duel to the death. The Challenger has a strange curved sword and weird clothing.
636. A monument made of thousands of human and animal bones. Its builder will pay for the bones of the party in advance. Once they die their bones will be pulled from their bodies and will fly back here.

641. A portal opens up from the sky. A man with an odd weapon stuck to his arm emerges from it and attacks you. The Chained Saw: d10 damage. Requires Oil to power.
642. An invisible force sucks the characters spitting them in the present day for d4 hours, before bringing them back to the same spot and time.
643. A man suddenly falls from the sky, screaming loudly, before being crushed on the ground. If searching him, you find an Unclean Scroll: Striding the Clouds for 1d6 hours you can jump 2d6 kilometers up into the air. Landing is another matter entirely though.
644. Watcher-wall, the Wandering Cannibal, challenges the party to a game of riddling rhymes. "Come storm, come sin, Watcher-wall will get his fill."
645. A wizard blocks your path. He casts some fireballs in a random direction and ask for your favorite color. Answer wrong and instantly die.
646. A snotty kid dares you to spend the night at the nearby haunted ruins. You're not chicken, right?

651. The quaint village of Spectre appears in the oddest places, as it's want to do. But isn't this just a little bit too nice for the likes of you?
652. A zone filled with polyhedral shapes, players have to walk above them, but they slowly start to sink in an abstract dimension of horrors.
653. A quiet lake. The weather is hot and the water is inviting.
654. A hand crawls across the ground and attacks you. Animated Hand HP: 7 | Morale: - | No Armor | d4 (grab) Special: - Hitting the hand requires a DR14 test. - A player damaged by the hand must test Strength or their hand becomes possessed and attacks them too in d6 rounds. Cutting it off turns it into an animated hand.
655. A small, perfectly white rabbit sits between rocks littered with bones. When approached, Each character tests DR 12 Agility to avoid its pounce or take 1d8 damage. Repeat this check every round until someone slays it, you retreat, or everyone is dead. 5 HP, DR 16 to hit.
656. The sun turns black and the characters can see weird giant monsters walking among the clouds, they are on another planet, populated by titans, for d2 days.

661. A giant silver statue is revealed under the dirt. If it is exhumed it is found to be a statue of Nechrubel. Each party member must pass a DR12 Presence year or all will fall unconscious, awaking in the nearest town having just sold the statue for 3d6x10s
662. Cocooned corpses hang on the trees, there is a dead giant spider nearby, her eggs start to hatch...
663. A horseman threatens to ride you down. Test Agility DR 12 or get trampled for d8 damage. The rider was on a (d4): 1) White Horse - Your rations have all spoiled, as well as anything else edible in the area. You feel hungry. 2) Red Horse - Test DR 16 Presence or immediately attack the closest character. Repeat this test at the start of each turn. 3) Black Horse - Test DR 16 Toughness or become infected. Every character that comes into contact with you while you're infected must do the same. 4) Pale Horse - You are given visions of your demise. You will die in 2d6 days if you do not kill someone else first.
664. A kindly needle-priest offers to carve Nechrubel's mark into the party's supple skins.
665. The sky darkens for things to come.
666. An unending rain of black feathers begin. All are dying in the heavenland. Ten dozen twisting corpses rise from the mud and coagulate into a shuddering and hateful creature. You dare enter the Wildland, you shall come across the spirit of its malevolence. You face the Vilderghast, unliving image of ten thousand missing children swallowed into the land. As it roars, a Misery bursts forth. Vilderghast HP: 50 | Morale: — | -d4 (wood and hide and antler) | d10+Infection (Twisting Tusks jutting from Shadow) Special: Every time you use an omen there is a 50% chance the Vilderghast gains one. Whenever the Vilderghast loses 4 or more health in one hit, a baby wyvern (5HP) wriggles out of its wet and dripping fur. When the Vilderghast drops below half it’s HP, it summons an undead troll from the shadows and goes into a frenzy, attacking twice each round. With the Vilderghast’s death, the world loses not only its evil, but it’s wonder. If the Vilderghast is killed, stop rolling on this table. You've won, fools.
