D66 Rumors of the Dying World
11. Salvation can be found beyond the mountains of Bergen Chrypt.
12. Consuming the flesh of a Mulch-Squirrel cures infection.
13. The son of the Shadow King has gone missing, but no one will admit it.
14. Lady Anthelia loves Kergüsian clams, and will pay handsomely for them.
15. Villagers are disappearing near a large animal burrow outside town. Maybe it's a were-bear!
16. There's treasure at the bottom of Lake Onda.
21. There's a mouldering, flooded chapel in Galgenbeck that has a doorway to the Golden Fields.
22. Goblins can't curse you if you are wearing a crown made out of bones of children
23. There is a hidden prophesy in the scriptures that can only be read in the light of a green flame.
24. SHE and HE are four heads of the same beast.
25. There are many more prophecies than were recorded in The Calendar of Nechrubel, but they have been suppressed to stave off greater chaos. In them is the answer to preventing the end of everything.
26. Only the Dead God can stop the apocalypse.
31. Gruntl from the village over has a goat as wife.
32. Fathmu’s men will pay handsomely for a single ingot of blackmetal
33. Druids are holding a celebration of Midsommar in the middle of Sarkash.
34. There is said to be a hidden gallery where there are erotic paintings of all things that exist.
35. The abandoned mansion in Grift is said to be haunted by its former owner.
36. The Eyes of St. Largoth can be found in a tomb in Graven-Tosk.
41. Dante at the mercantile will give out free grog if you don't mention his girlfriend. He's not even supposed to be there today.
42. The rat-men near Bergen-Chrypt have a mechanical brain to which one may pose questions mundane and profound
43. Naughty children have been known to disappear in the shadows of Sarkash forest, never to be seen again.
44. A pale, blind dragon lurks beneath Galgenbeck and whispers suspicions to the inquisition
45. In the Grift, a strange man with 3 eyes is said to be stealing limbs from thieves. Some say he's building something with them.
46. Three kings travel east with fabulous gifts, following a brilliant star
51. A ship sails the Endless Sea with a crew of headless men.
52. King Fathmu knows a cure for the zombie curse.
53. In Schleswig there's a man with both a talking sword and a talking horse!
54. Wyverns, lots of them, have been gathering in the outskirts of [closest city to the PCs]
55. The basilisk is actually a dozen men in a costume generating interest in their doomsday preparation MLM scheme.
56. A rare flower to the east is said to open the eyes of any who eat it
61. The traveling circus pitched tents by the graveyard, and are stealing the corpses. Old Aunt Mildred was their sword swallower last night.
62. Other scripture exists, but all 'known' copies have been destroyed by HE and SHE
63. Mermaids' favorite food is human flesh
64. Südglans was sunk as a result of a terrible arcane weapon used in the war with Wästland. King Fathmu's alchemists are currently working on a new, stronger version.
65. Both the living and the dead walk in Graven-Tosk. The trick is knowing which is which.
66.  All of existence is just some sort of sick game for things outside the world.  The things damning us with Necrubel's prophecies for their own entertainment.