D6 Dreams and What to Learn from Them
1. You dream of having lost your face, your sense of self. You meet your closest ones who regard you as a stranger. Only you remember yourself and you find that thought dreadful. 
What you can learn: Go three ingame days without referring to yourself in the first person (in our out-of-game). If you succeed your Omen-dice increases by one size and you erase your name on the character-sheet. If you fail, take 1d2 damage. 
2. In a dream you killed a random person you've met only recently in a horribly specific way (choking their neck in the mid-afternoon sun, piercing a spear through a certain bodypart, drowning them in the Boiling Seas, etc.). 
What you can learn: If you perform the act of murder as in the dream you learn everything the person knew (memories, information, skills, etc.). If you don't act on it within a week you find yourself in the position of the victim inside the dream.
3. You see yourself, in the reflection of a pool of water or large mirror. A quick look around and you quickly realize you are the reflection. What appears to be you with all your equipment and abilities steps through to face you in combat.
What you can learn: Kill your other self to gain character advancement. Lose and the other you finds their way into the waking world, seeking to destroy you by any means.
4. You are at the bottom of the sea. Freezing currents shock your body into panic. You claw towards the lightning-lit surface, but it remains impossibly equi-distant. As panic begins to set, white hot pain screams through spine and out your fingertips. Gasping, you look down to see a gleaming black spike where your chest should be. Fragments of your ribcage and it's precious contents float before you, your heart beating it's last. Then you wake. What you can learn: The next time you swim in a large, strong-moving body of water, test Presence DR12. On a success, you gain +2 max HP. On a failure, you panic mid-swim and your dream becomes reality. Slay the beast beneath the surface, or die it's prey.
5. You see a crackled, wide-grinning skeleton. It is wreathed in a cloak of the void. It hisses and squeals maddening prophecies. A long, yellow tongue drips from its maw, and extends towards you.  A blackened finger points out, and you see the horrors of the end, and you feel the embrace of beyond.
What you can learn: DR15 presence test; if you succeed, you understand the God of Death and why the end comes. You gain one power permanently. If you fail, you lose 1d4 hp permanently. Either way, a random misery occurs.
6. ????
