D7 Unusual Dice Found in Hidden Lock-Boxes 
subtitle:
category: Treasures & Trinkets
1. A set of dice, carved from the bones of a notorious cheat. If you play a game of dice by yourself, an unseen specter will join in. If you win, there is a sudden scream, and a few silver pieces clatter to the floor. If you lose, you collapse over in agony, as a die made from one of your own bones is forces through your skin. 
2. 2,34 On a 2 roll on this table, you find a perfectly normal couple of dice. Every time a character rolls them, DM secretly roll 1d100. With a result <=34 dice faces changes slightly just to make the character lose an important bet. Otherwise it grants a +1 presence to the pc, to spot a cheater. Did you notice the faces aren't perfectly symmetric? 
3. You find NdX. N is the number of people in the party and X is the number of food supplies in the inventory of the PC that found them. 
4. A jeweled pair of six-sided dice that bear the enameled heraldic seal of some disgraced lesser house of the Western Kingdom. When squeezed tightly or twisted around, they emit a horrifying shriek. You may use them to alter the result of a die roll, however the magical forces involve cause the dice to swell a sickly purple and explode in a shower of flesh and blood. Wow befall any who come upon their rightful owners. 
5. A pair of frog dice inside a wet belt sack. Living palm-sized creatures with numbers that periodically emerge as bumps on their back. Remove them from the sack to read their numbers (treat each frog as a d10, they both die if either frog reads 1)
6. Rat bone die. A small die that could fit on the fingernail of a little finger. The die attracts vermin when rolled. Consult the chart: 1) 1d6 famished rats appear (hp 3, morale -, bite d4), 2) a cloud of biting flies (hp 2, morale -, bite d2), 3) fleas, the die caster becomes infected, 4) intestinal worms, -1 to toughness, 5) screaming hiccoughs, die caster screams at intervals of ten seconds for the next hour, 6) bloater mosquito (hp 3, bite d4 + drain, special: drain - increase max HP by the amount of damage done up to 10)
Creatures that are summoned are hostile and are not controlled by the summoner. 
7. The d666. A transfixing artifact that radiates a dancing scarlet. Its hundreds of faces all bear a number inscribed in a goat head etched in red gold. Your paranoia over the possibility of losing it is well-placed; even Nechrubel itself would kill to get ahold of it. A player may, if so inclined, roll d666 — a result of 666 will see the dark god manifest and grant one wish in exchange for the petitioner’s life… and the d666 of course.