D8 Insidious Infections
1. Stonerot. The wounded limb stars calcifying and steadily spreads throughout the body if not healed/amputated.
2. Jellyskin. Your flesh starts sloughing off in large translucent sheets. Can lead to more infections as vulnerable tissues are exposed by the peeling rot.
3. Musclebloat. Gain +1 Strength each day. Once it exceeds twice the maximum your muscles explode from your flesh and you bleed out in minutes.
4. Leviathan Worms. Start as a niggling sensation in the stomach after drinking dirty water. Then they drive the host to extreme hunger, eating everything (and anyone) they can to stave off the cramping and nausea. Then, they slither their way into the host's very nerves, driving the host toward the sea. There they may survive and eventually grow into adult sea monsters.
5. Dancing Fever. Dance, dance, dance. It's all you can think to do. Do it fancily, wildly, crazily, till your body gives out. Each 10 minutes not spent dancing results in d4 damage from the sheer restraint. You cannot fall asleep and must dance yourself unconscious. You cannot heal from resting and take d6 damage daily as the strain on your body takes it toll.
6. Bonus Eruptus: The skeleton attempts to leap out of the patient’s mouth, causing them to feel edgy, antsy, and discombobulated. Take Toughness tests every morning—DR 10 at first, but increasing by 2 each day. If you fail, your skeleton leaps out of your mouth immediately, becoming a blood-covered skeleton. You can stave off or even cure the disease by administering transdental electromicide—routinely electrocuting your mouth until the GM says you feel better
7. Impostor Syndrome. Gnawing self-doubt pervades your thoughts, leading you to second-guess everything you do. Keep meticulous track of your failures.  After 10 failures, an impostor appears and attempts to kill you. If you kill the impostor by yourself, you are cured. If anyone helps you, you continue to suffer doubt, and the impostor can return until one or the other of you is permanently slain. You CAN Get Better while suffering from this illness, but the GM keeps track, only telling you if your scores decrease.
8. Itchy and scratchy skin: contracted by those who look too much into the sky, their skin becomes grey and dry. All Agility checks, including defense, inflicts them 1d2 damage from their skin opening.
