D8 Wandering Lions
1. Paston, who wears a skinned lion as a cape, and tassels on his feet. He travels the dying world, pulling a horse's corpse in a two-wheeled cart. When he meets others on the way, he produces a stick and proceeds to beat upon the dead horse, who seems not to mind it terribly.
2. Rufford, a skinny lion with a long, unnatural grin, walks nervously and with paranoia, always tells riddles as if they where jokes, rips apart anyone that doesn't laugh or solves them.
3. Zeke, a lion whose body seems a little too long. It moves by arching and extending its back, the legs do not move. Zeke will offer to tell secrets it has learned in exchange for a goat. If refused, it will follow the person who refused and steal their secrets while they sleep.
4. Torvul, mentally unstable human, now convinced he is The One True Lion King. Growls, howls, menaces you with his "claws". Refuses to make sense, likely dangerous.
5. The lion from that zoo. Actually just a dog who is trimmed to look like they have a mane. Likes getting petted and for sure tries To lick your face. Also fond of gloves or mittens, if they catch yours they wont let It go.
6. T’Zuun the Corpse. It really is the corpse of the lion. It never rots beyond that initial corpse smell. It moves when you aren’t looking. Harmless, just disgusting. It has no origin, and not one knows why it exists. A sign of our future perhaps...
7. Bulky the Lion. More aberration than beast, King Fathmu's pet, he eats the King's leftovers, and enjoys free roaming over Schleswig. He eats whatever and whomever he wants, and no one dares do something about it, as to not anger the Fat King. *In truth, he wants the lion killed, wishing to make the victor his new champion and part of his guard.*
8. Berömdhekken & Myke. Two-headed lion. If one head is awake, the other is asleep. Berömdhekken is a little nuts but nice enough. Mostly keeps to itself. Draws little treasure maps in the dirt. Myke is always off viciously mauling something to death.
